# Hoo's List
https://obscure-dawn-21722.herokuapp.com/

# Login
Login consists of a simple google authentication login through gmail.  This can be done by using the log in button in the top right of the home page.  From here, your username for posts, messaging, and your profile will be set to your gmail username.  If at any point you wish to log out of your account just click the log out button in the top right corner next to your username.
# Listings
From the home page you can browse current listings by clicking the button in the middle of the screen, or by choosing the listings option from the nav bar at the top.  Once on this page, you can filter by post title, description, category, or username.  For these features, the title and description will match any portion of the text put in, but for the username filter it will only match the full username.  For example searching "mr" in users will not find posts from user "mr2fg"; however, searching "crayon" in titles will match to "Selling a box of crayons!"  Clicking on a post on this page will expand it in the list so that you can see the details.  From here you can either choose to email the seller at their provided email address from login, or you can use the on site messaging feature by choosing to message the seller.  Clicking the first option will open a Microsoft Outlook email to that person, while the second option will redirect you to the screen to compose a message on site.  DISCLAIMER: Some images in the current database may not load, as they are erased each time the site is deployed to Heroku.  Going forward, as there won't be more deployments, all images should be saved and visible for other users.
# Sell an Item
To post your own listing, click on the "Sell an Item" button on the nav bar.  From here you simply need to fill out the details of your listing.  These include title, description, category, price, image uploading, and location.  On this page, we have added an interactive google map at the bottom to help users choose a location for selling their item.  Since this site targets UVA students, there are also buttons at the bottom to choose any of the three libraries on grounds.  Clicking these buttons will focus on them on the map and also autofill the location field for the post with that library for convienience.  Once you've finished adding all of the details, just click the "Post" button to post your listing for other users to see.
# Messaging
Clicking the "Messages" option on the nav bar will redirect you to your inbox.  This feature is only available if you are logged in to an account.  From the inbox page, you can view the messages you've recieved, reading the full message by clicking on the subject of the message.  Unread messages will have a bolded subject.  When viewing a full message, the user is also given the option to reply to or delete the message.  Replying will redirect to composing a new message with all of the fields autofilled with standard email reply text.  From the inbox page you can also send a new message to another user by clicking the "Compose New Message" button at the bottom.  When sending a message, the subject and body are up to the sender, but the recipient they input must match another previously logged in user's username exactly.  Inputting an incorrect recipient will not allow you to send a message.  This will help ensure users messages are delivered to the correct recipient.
# Profile
To view your own profile, click the "Profile" option on the nav bar at the top.  This page contains all of your information as a user.  You can edit your name and email address at your own discretion using the fields on this page.  Additionally, going to your profile page will allow you to view all of the posts you have created.  This is formatted the same way as the listings page for consistency, as clicking a post will expand its details within the list of posts displayed.
